docs/technical-guide/orange-bank/commands.md, before:

# Commands of Orange Bank

This is a list of all the commands available in Orange Bank. If you need help with a specific command, please refer to this file.

## Commands

- `/add_item` - Requires Moderator permissions. Adds an item (or multiple items) to the selected user's inventory.
- `/add_money` - Requires Moderator permissions. Adds coins to the selected user's account.
- `/aidabalance` - Shows the amount of AIDA tokens you have activated on your account.
- `/allcompanies` - Shows all companies available for investment along with their stock prices.
- `/balance` - Shows your current balance (coins), or the balance of the selected user.
- `/broken_init` - Lyu's way of giving newcomers the starter package, isn't as popular anymore since the bots have been moved to a different server that never goes down.
- `/buy` - Buys an item (or multiple items) from the shop.
- `/changes` - Shows the changes in the stock market for the last 20 minutes.
- `/claim_hourly` - Claims your hourly reward. Requires you to have a Deposit Token or multiple. Multiplies the reward by the number of Deposit Tokens you have.
- `/clear` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Clears the database of all users that are not in the server anymore.
- `/coinflip` - Flips a coin and gives you a chance to double your wager.
- `/coins_reset` - Requires Moderator permissions. Resets the daily activity leaderboard and gives everyone their activity-based rewards.
- `/company` - Shows information about a specific company.
- `/crime` - Commits a crime and earns coins or finds items, although with a chance of getting caught. The chance of getting caught increases with the selected risk parameter.

Risk parameters:
- 1 = 60% success rate
- 2 = 30% success rate
- 3 = 13% success rate

Your chances can be increased by having a Car and a House (though these two also work separately), and they can give you better rewards. A Robber Guide can also be bough to set the success rate to 100% and increase the rewards by 60x.

- `/daily` - Claims your daily reward. Does not require a Deposit Token.
- `/daily_top` - Shows the daily leaderboard and the rewards that the users on there will get.
- `/dividends` - Lets you claim dividends from a company you select, can only be run once per 3 hours, and the amount of dividends you get is based on the amount of shares you have * current market share of the company.
- `/find` - Find an item in the shop by name, basically a search function.
- `/gift` - Gift an item to another user.
- `/help` - Shows a list of all available commands.
- `/info` - Shows information about the selected item.
- `/inventory` - Shows your inventory (or the inventory of the selected user).
- `/invest` - Invests a certain amount of coins in a company.
- `/item-guide-deprecated` - Shows the item guide, but it's deprecated and not really useful anymore.
- `/kill` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Resets the database entry of the selected user.
- `/leaderboard` - Shows the leaderboard of the server. (somehow Lyu is always on top)
- `/owner_flood` - Requires Lyu permissions. Spawns more companies in the stock market.
- `/personalstats` - Shows your personal stats in a company.
- `/referral check` - Check how many people you have referred to the server using the selected link.
- `/referral disconnect` - Disconnects your selected referral link from the referral system.
- `/referral launch` - Turns your selected invite link into a referral link.
- `/referral list` - Shows all your currently owned referral links.
- `/referral mod_disconnect` - Requires Moderator permissions. Disconnects the selected user's referral link from the referral system.
- `/remove_item` - Requires Moderator permissions. Removes an item (or multiple items) from the selected user's inventory.
- `/remove_money` - Requires Moderator permissions. Removes coins from the selected user's account.
- `/reward` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Gives the selected user a reward based on the reward type and the streak value.
- `/sell` - Sells an item (or multiple items) from your inventory. The price you get is random and based on the item's value, ranging from 50% to 150% of the item's value.
- `/send` - Sends coins to another user.
- `/shoot` - Uses the Fireball item to shoot a user. The user loses from 5000 to 10000 coins if shot.
- `/shop` - Shows all items available for purchase.
- `/shoplegacy` - Shows all items available for purchase, but it's deprecated and not really useful anymore. Horrible performance and design, almost unreadable.
- `/slotmachine` - Spins the slot machine and gives you a chance to win coins or items. Or... You know, lose them.
- `/trade` - Lets you trade items for other items. Really inconvenient, it's better to just sell the item and buy the other one.
- `/use_item` - Uses an item from your inventory. Some items require a separate command to be used.
- `/work` - Works and earns you coins. The amount of coins you earn is based on your productivity level, which can be increased by using House and Car items.

Commit message:

feat: Add order XP command to Orange SafeChat bot

docs/technical-guide/orange-bank/commands.md, after:

# Commands of Orange Bank

This is a list of all the commands available in Orange Bank. If you need help with a specific command, please refer to this file.

## Commands

- `/add_item` - Requires Moderator permissions. Adds an item (or multiple items) to the selected user's inventory.
- `/add_money` - Requires Moderator permissions. Adds coins to the selected user's account.
- `/aidabalance` - Shows the amount of AIDA tokens you have activated on your account.
- `/allcompanies` - Shows all companies available for investment along with their stock prices.
- `/balance` - Shows your current balance (coins), or the balance of the selected user.
- `/broken_init` - Lyu's way of giving newcomers the starter package, isn't as popular anymore since the bots have been moved to a different server that never goes down.
- `/buy` - Buys an item (or multiple items) from the shop.
- `/changes` - Shows the changes in the stock market for the last 20 minutes.
- `/claim_hourly` - Claims your hourly reward. Requires you to have a Deposit Token or multiple. Multiplies the reward by the number of Deposit Tokens you have.
- `/clear` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Clears the database of all users that are not in the server anymore.
- `/coinflip` - Flips a coin and gives you a chance to double your wager.
- `/coins_reset` - Requires Moderator permissions. Resets the daily activity leaderboard and gives everyone their activity-based rewards.
- `/company` - Shows information about a specific company.
- `/crime` - Commits a crime and earns coins or finds items, although with a chance of getting caught. The chance of getting caught increases with the selected risk parameter.

Risk parameters:
- 1 = 60% success rate
- 2 = 30% success rate
- 3 = 13% success rate

Your chances can be increased by having a Car and a House (though these two also work separately), and they can give you better rewards. A Robber Guide can also be bough to set the success rate to 100% and increase the rewards by 60x.

- `/daily` - Claims your daily reward. Does not require a Deposit Token.
- `/daily_top` - Shows the daily leaderboard and the rewards that the users on there will get.
- `/dividends` - Lets you claim dividends from a company you select, can only be run once per 3 hours, and the amount of dividends you get is based on the amount of shares you have * current market share of the company.
- `/find` - Find an item in the shop by name, basically a search function.
- `/gift` - Gift an item to another user.
- `/help` - Shows a list of all available commands.
- `/info` - Shows information about the selected item.
- `/inventory` - Shows your inventory (or the inventory of the selected user).
- `/invest` - Invests a certain amount of coins in a company.
- `/item-guide-deprecated` - Shows the item guide, but it's deprecated and not really useful anymore.
- `/kill` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Resets the database entry of the selected user.
- `/leaderboard` - Shows the leaderboard of the server. (somehow Lyu is always on top)
- `/order_xp` - Lets you place an order for XP, which can be used to level up your account. The price is 25 coins per XP.
- `/owner_flood` - Requires Lyu permissions. Spawns more companies in the stock market.
- `/personalstats` - Shows your personal stats in a company.
- `/referral check` - Check how many people you have referred to the server using the selected link.
- `/referral disconnect` - Disconnects your selected referral link from the referral system.
- `/referral launch` - Turns your selected invite link into a referral link.
- `/referral list` - Shows all your currently owned referral links.
- `/referral mod_disconnect` - Requires Moderator permissions. Disconnects the selected user's referral link from the referral system.
- `/remove_item` - Requires Moderator permissions. Removes an item (or multiple items) from the selected user's inventory.
- `/remove_money` - Requires Moderator permissions. Removes coins from the selected user's account.
- `/reward` - Requires Co-Owner or Lyu permissions. Gives the selected user a reward based on the reward type and the streak value.
- `/sell` - Sells an item (or multiple items) from your inventory. The price you get is random and based on the item's value, ranging from 50% to 150% of the item's value.
- `/send` - Sends coins to another user.
- `/shoot` - Uses the Fireball item to shoot a user. The user loses from 5000 to 10000 coins if shot.
- `/shop` - Shows all items available for purchase.
- `/shoplegacy` - Shows all items available for purchase, but it's deprecated and not really useful anymore. Horrible performance and design, almost unreadable.
- `/slotmachine` - Spins the slot machine and gives you a chance to win coins or items. Or... You know, lose them.
- `/trade` - Lets you trade items for other items. Really inconvenient, it's better to just sell the item and buy the other one.
- `/use_item` - Uses an item from your inventory. Some items require a separate command to be used.
- `/work` - Works and earns you coins. The amount of coins you earn is based on your productivity level, which can be increased by using House and Car items.
