docs/technical-guide/orange-bank/README.md, before:

# Orange Bank

Orange Bank is a fictional bank that we use as a Discord bot on The Orange Squad server. The bot is used to simulate a bank environment where users can create accounts, deposit and withdraw money, and more. The bot is written in Rust and Python, and is maintained by LyubomirT.

## Table of Contents

- [Coins](#coins)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Typos](#typos)
- [Items](#items)
- [Investments](#investments)
- [Referrals](#referrals)
- [Ways to earn money](#ways-to-earn-money)
- [AIDA Tokens](#aida-tokens)
- [Grinding](#grinding)

## Coins

Coins are the main currency in Orange Bank. You can earn coins by participating in the server, grinding, or investing. Coins can be used to buy items, invest in the stock market, and more.

## Commands

All commands are listed in [commands.md](commands.md), along with a brief description of what they do. Please refer to this file if you need help with a specific command.

## Typos

Well... English isn't Lyu's first language, and most of the commands were written at 4 AM, so there might be some typos in the bot. If you find any, please report them to Lyu so he can fix them. You might even get a reward for it!

## Items

Items are special objects that you can buy with coins. They can be used to boost your earnings, increase your "productivity", or just for fun. You can view all available items by using the `/shop` command. Won't be listing them here because there are too many.

## Investments

Check out [investments.md](investments.md) for more information on how to invest your coins in the stock market. You can earn a lot of money by investing wisely.

## Referrals

You can earn coins by referring new users to the server. Check out the [referrals.md](referrals.md) file for more information on how to do this.

## Ways to earn money

There are many ways, actually, too many to list here. You can earn money by chatting, grinding, investing, and more. Check out the [ways-to-earn-money.md](ways-to-earn-money.md) file for more information.

## AIDA Tokens

AIDA tokens are a special currency that can be used to generate content at AIDA Web App. Those are quite expensive and valuable, but are really worth it. You can earn them by participating in events OR by buying them with coins.

## Grinding

Grinding is when you consistently run commands like `/coinflip` or `/work` to earn coins. It's a great way to earn money, but it can be time-consuming. Check out the [grinding.md](grinding.md) file for more information on how to grind effectively.

## FAQ

If you have any questions about Orange Bank, please check out the [FAQ](faq.md) file. It contains answers to some of the most common questions about the bot.

Commit message:

Add leveling system to Orange Bank

docs/technical-guide/orange-bank/README.md, after:

# Orange Bank

Orange Bank is a fictional bank that we use as a Discord bot on The Orange Squad server. The bot is used to simulate a bank environment where users can create accounts, deposit and withdraw money, and more. The bot is written in Rust and Python, and is maintained by LyubomirT.

## Table of Contents

- [Coins](#coins)
- [Commands](#commands)
- [Typos](#typos)
- [Items](#items)
- [Investments](#investments)
- [Referrals](#referrals)
- [Ways to earn money](#ways-to-earn-money)
- [AIDA Tokens](#aida-tokens)
- [Grinding](#grinding)

## Coins

Coins are the main currency in Orange Bank. You can earn coins by participating in the server, grinding, or investing. Coins can be used to buy items, invest in the stock market, and more.

## Commands

All commands are listed in [commands.md](commands.md), along with a brief description of what they do. Please refer to this file if you need help with a specific command.

## Typos

Well... English isn't Lyu's first language, and most of the commands were written at 4 AM, so there might be some typos in the bot. If you find any, please report them to Lyu so he can fix them. You might even get a reward for it!

## Items

Items are special objects that you can buy with coins. They can be used to boost your earnings, increase your "productivity", or just for fun. You can view all available items by using the `/shop` command. Won't be listing them here because there are too many.

## Investments

Check out [investments.md](investments.md) for more information on how to invest your coins in the stock market. You can earn a lot of money by investing wisely.

## Referrals

You can earn coins by referring new users to the server. Check out the [referrals.md](referrals.md) file for more information on how to do this.

## Ways to earn money

There are many ways, actually, too many to list here. You can earn money by chatting, grinding, investing, and more. Check out the [ways-to-earn-money.md](ways-to-earn-money.md) file for more information.

## AIDA Tokens

AIDA tokens are a special currency that can be used to generate content at AIDA Web App. Those are quite expensive and valuable, but are really worth it. You can earn them by participating in events OR by buying them with coins.

## Grinding

Grinding is when you consistently run commands like `/coinflip` or `/work` to earn coins. It's a great way to earn money, but it can be time-consuming. Check out the [grinding.md](grinding.md) file for more information on how to grind effectively.

## Leveling

You can level up by participating in the server. The more you chat, the more XP you earn. You can view your level and XP by using the `/level` command of Arcane. You can also view the leaderboard by using the `/leaderboard` command.

You receive a random amount of XP between 15 and 40 for every message you send in a minute (messages in between are not counted). When you reach a new level, your XP resets to 0. Server Boosters and Supporters receive 80% more XP per message. Also, people who put "effort" in their messages get a 50% boost (can stack with the Supporter / Booster boost).

## FAQ

If you have any questions about Orange Bank, please check out the [FAQ](faq.md) file. It contains answers to some of the most common questions about the bot.
